you
where is to money it's at the bottom of
the blue hole talking about Spanish gold
I'm the only one that can get it out of
there
so you want to tell us what happened out
there what about this I was diving the
bullet I'll see what I can salvage who
went to the bottom what is it your
friend someone out there did kill those
men and if it wasn't you then we should
be worried about who or what whatever it
is it's big enough to tear a dive boat
to shreds
this is all the traits of being some
kind of dinosaur feeling like the
extinct kind I'm just one of those
things you can do that to save us
congratula two dozen are gonna do
we got to do something right here right
now pray to the dark at the dark just
what's in it a new apex predator the top
of the food chain and the end about 22
species
where is Michael
company
I can't let
off the island
you